[Music]
oh
n
[Music]
hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on
hold on hold on if we're playing this
does this mean we get to play
this does that mean we get to no it's
okay I'll spare
everyone don't worry no it's
everyone just kidding would have been
asked if I were to do this with like
people around me a okay then better love
me for
[Music]
this can we just skip the good
part there we go let's
go let's get it
[Music]
everyone thought they were safe but uh
the stream just dropped 10
people the second I refreshed the page
that's so
funny no everyone no guys you don't get
it it's the greatest song of all time
what are you talking about
anyway here here's my question why were
you literally just listening to that
song that's an actual question I have
for
you I think I would remake the song If
someone paid me to do it though
actually you know what I'm going here
comes a controversial
vote start
poll vote let democracy uh
let democracy take take take the
wheel and you might think oh maybe uh
you'll get rid of the vocals no we we'll
get some new ones and just make it
worse I'll make a worst version of
it
okay F did you vote no
I can't stand
this
okay
nice
um the top five videos OST volume one is
not on Spotify it's on my local
files but uh you could listen to get
sexy right now if you want
to um
okay where's my silly
game what's hold on bad I'm going to
unde am I here are don't don't no it's
fine it's fine it's fine try listening
to get sexy on Loop for for Boost of
inspiration it's
fine
okay let's play our video
game hi hi
hi okay wait
all right let's
see oh that's that's
uh didn't we get Oak Library last
time don't spell it
wrong
uh
nice hello
this could be a few different songs this
sounds
like Queen of misfets fairy
tales it sounds like the texture cord
[Music]
for uh
regality I don't feel like it's that is
it no
oh it's it's the esape esape
ghosts okay there we
go I just know from that one
snare it so
flappy all right I know Violet Pony
songs very good okay
let's get cisero in the
building what am I doing how do I do
this how do I do anything I don't
know I did so much work
today I'm back to being
productive meow meow
meow what keyboard is that what keyboard
or keyboard is
what my
keyboard there's two keyboards on
screen which which one oh okay the
typing one I I built it
I was like I haven't played only 11
hours of Half Life 2 said 11 hours this
this past two weeks
uh yeah Alice layout is Superior in
every single way
whatsoever my shoulders don't hurt like
they used to because of it my hoies
don't hurt like they used to because of
it it's just faster and I just you're
not
cramping not
cramping Okay Google Google halflife to
Google
Translate we were we just finished Nova
Prospect forget
it a great
teacher wait do I do baking game I do I
think I think that's
right okay
Alex
door
Alex door
hey it worked let's see if I can clean
it the right way beware of moss people I
will send my father to prison as soon as
I can and I will take
you see if I can figure out how to open
that
door there
is what is Vox puga
are you going to say
anything she doesn't know how we do it
Alex hold on a just hold on a
second well I mean we go through here
she's not telling me to go here but I
can just do it
right helmet
death why don't I got the shotgun for
this be careful Gordon I'm collecting a
lot of add-ons in the future oh you're a
Firefox user
my
favorite I want to keep losing health so
they say Signs of Life
Again by this I will ticket into pora
he yep you're making sense
please check this
monor I'm
checking who's our sponsor for today did
it say un radio
oh those are turrets not
people don't do
this Alex hold on there's animals okay
the stream is sponsored by
Takis please check the sponsor y I'm
checking why would you throw a grenade
that
close the combine love to do
this I actually think they died from
that
oh that was a selfie
apparently why am I in danger
that didn't
kill terrifying thank you very much
I'm going to scream as loud as possible
are you
ready by this I will take it
P yes there is
please check the sponsor I am
that doesn't
kill happy birthday oh my goodness punch
okay
wait what we do is this I
[Music]
think yeah
you are coming to another office yet
it's like
why I half expect Alex to be there
already quick find a room there are some
turrets combined
nearby I can rearrange these Turtles to
attack the enemy Turtles you arrange
them to avoid the control
room looking viral malignant polyphasic
Chlor protein
hly
phasic combined we'll have to pick them
up
iying the and there
yep you got it
boss why' I come down
here what the [__] is that sound
the turtles are defending me no
perfect
peekaboo
howdy hold on let me just do thank you
through the
internet why that do so much damage to
me hello
how does that not kill
oh I'm out of shoty
ammo engine man Hawk oh
God cuz like why does that sound like a
man hack
well good
news you guys look like ants from up
there get it the
last joke
[Applause]
and second
Ed sorry for the inconvenience I know
glad you're
right see if you can find a grown man it
seems like this sight might give me some
better help
Alex for you bbby I will try and find a
grown
man there did you know how
is the difference of Tex I'm not what
they call you promise not
to even to try but the free price of the
soldiers when the investors are in
trouble but if Mt ciso does not come
C you would have like C if you have been
patient and waited for my we do not know
for sure if you approach this human
truth
matters after fights as I said before
you have to push you around himself
can't I have no Dr Luciano much longer
than you my dear I'm afraid that your
soul will to see that you knew that I
may be totally
blinded lost it has nothing to do with
ideas the simple truth is that you I
Believe in Us
clear on the
subject aloh aloh please I did not find
Dr Aloha aloh
this we came to William now you really
got to hurry to position from security
reason to the next level and you cannot
catch up with
it wait
wait AE
faster I'm supposed to go somewhere
aren't
I look evaluation processes and
information systems the rest of the
enrollment team members report copyright
hi
Gordon
all I I kind of don't
remember which is not good
because we don't go this way we go the
other
way okay I think we go this way it's
fine cuz she tells us to to go over
somewhere else okay we're fine
everything's fine everyone
this is the dastardly water section
yes Signs of
Life greens contact
your I'm playing halflife tier but badly
good Google
translate yes it is the dastardly water
section this part can be very ha or
Miss it'll be very Hit or Miss
considering my health as well
what are we looking for we need
[Music]
this oh
dear I mean
all right this is
oh okay that's what I
wanted
okay Signs of
Life you
don't
throw hold on let me just reload
what am I doing what is this music by
the
way I asked this every other section in
this
remake I mean
mod it all sounds like album names Signs
of Life possibility of water honestly I
might steal that I might make a song
called Signs of Life everyone will think
it's like a deep song about something
but it's really just referencing this
mod hold on let me I have a I have a
document with titles that I write
down where's this there we
go SS
of
life in the
possibility of
water okay nice
connection moved to
block
war I wish I had my shle bugs with me
stand up and moves on I'm with soldiers
from all parts I know
Africa
new
soldiers new soldiers
than Mark the mar
ah
come from all walks of life they come
from all walks of life
am I [__]
a all no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no
table
table sorry for the delay Gordon it
looks like you can use some help I will
never leave you now look at the
Mossman I will do my best to look at the
Mossman
looking evaluation
processes system the rest of the
en am I go the first time I finished
that section in one try
wait
Jarvis activate freak settings what are
you doing
land units failure to complete the
mission will result in Failure
code
sacrifice where are
you he got
it he got
it here you
got well he came to the founders we
don't want to wait for him
[Music]
Cicero is
join oh I'll steal the
door he is there leave me alone Gordon
maybe he should die here
Alex how did you come in
here we all know you in your style spy
for regular
company you tell them Alex throw it away
for the big boys throw it away for the
big boys
what do you think I guarantee I have
served in my father's protection be
quiet enjoy using us regularly you will
be repairing this phone to get out of
here do you know we are making a
different result I have also updated the
judge to stop the Zen ride that's what
my father did when you stole there is no
need for me so I have to tell Dr father
a companion to the progress of the
investigation so I have to tell Dr
father is enough your beef is enough you
hear
Al you found
that thank you just enter the settings
for the top ciner move forward but we
were able to get into the teleport field
and we were stopped this is a
concern this is a
concern come
on Alex I'm scared of the onion radio
not at all and now what did we have to
wait for work I dep on
you she depends on a very comple and
long nwork time must be found
the season it is the
season father
hello sorry we were late hope that
doesn't hurt you don't worry girl I see
a book that will set you don't worry
girl no Eli I love you so much what the
[__]
do what so this is the integration
portal less than I
thought what
be quick
man Dr
time what you said is Dr Z Prospect and
we're running a contest for the first
time we're ready it is possible good it
can be done good we will send the father
at me he is in a
position what is hold on turned it down
OH Close how do you do I was said Alexa
The Only Exception is life father what
is Alex doing Judah yes what to
[Music]
do
zipper Dr Young you need to get rid of
them
are you surprised she says what are
these balances where did hell take
him where did hell take
him I want to use the earrings let me
use the [__] earrings
[Music]
[__] I'll kill
you stop freaking out it's only a
grenade
[Music]
go
back
[Music]
get up
got let help
get up you're so silly
I don't think I put the turret back up
oh
wait I didn't get the audio queue she's
been ready for a little
[Music]
bitly Turkish warning
Bell got God God made us I think that's
the first time I beat that section on my
first try as
well usually a save or
too when it's the
doctor the Third
Doctor let
theiner Irena cisero who'sa God how far
when what happens beloved I always hope
that when it is given to
you I was afraid it would not ride I
think the teleport exploded as we
wereing yeah that sounds pretty crap to
me looks like BT a for
me
there we know how to design a very
fast the original line was we seem to
have developed a very slow
teleport but he just said we just
developed a really fast one this
represents a new line of
Tri
drunk so what is wrong with us great
treasure my love the shot you fired at
Nova Prospect was taken as a signal of
alarm but for my dad so this is a very
complicated thing according to the
vortigon he was a prisoner of war
he's got that out of my father bar now L
the
project the second came several days
before your
friends the do did you
husband
husband so no there is no hope at all I
wish I could talk
please doc I came in there are you
beautiful are you in
so Barney and I am not the only one
cisero alixia have now come good man
that is a good message I almost gave you
up for a loss we plan to set up a
battlefield for the invasion of
London
London the head of Cicero can be your
way I wish the Kleiner doctor had better
care I will meet with you I got as much
help as possible cry out come on
in and here come then come on yes John I
heard it I will arrest you if I find a
ciner doctor I'll come you himself I'm
not able to leave the Lamar now when you
have against
it going to
be come on dog we have to go do the
invasion of London are you
ready no save yourself
here smaller doctor no real time
smaller
doctor no real
time all right dog yes let's
go excuse
me anti- country people
[Music]
sh
that was really
good D it let's try
again go my strange animal
finally the combine has used a grenade
for attendant Purp
guys we're all very amused
okay oops
[Music]
the dog throws bombs on the
ground to
all and to all a good night
[Music]
well William Shakespeare at about time
to
really
will did not the fish interfere with
the yippee
adult
Aloha ciso doctor there
you okay
wait we go over here I think when I open
I'll help you doc we cannot help me
let us be among us Dr
Z the [__] you just say to
me well doc use a boss thank
you just follow us doc let's
wash let's find
out D it is useful for Cicero
use a
b look for Hoppers Divas are everywhere
I
know don't destroy the Hess Dr Cicero we
can use it not here if you can install
these Loops without having to install
them you can plant them wherever you
[Applause]
want
okay good to
know
Hercules here she lives what the [__]
are you saying to me
whoever whoever's doing the voice for
that character but they're [__] all
into
it they they said this is this is going
to get me my
[__] are you trapped do you know how to
walk around
last but not
least I'm leaving Dr ciso as have ba
that's
[Applause]
good all right just come on come on come
over here
come
[Applause]
on come on he leads the
[Music]
wing happy birthday
don't activate it
yep
yep as if she
strawberry Strider we hope that some
fighting help can break the barriers we
never dreamed of becoming yours
we never dreamed of becoming
yours hey Cicero what
hunger avoided doctor's coin they are
coming to him
Ines what the [__] did they just
say did they say my
intestines can you move can you move
you see in the document which one
hold on let me just blow you up hold
on see
this music is really
bad on okay this funny hold
on where
I did not see
you can I do this the funny way here's
Med k thanks for Med
K what the [__] did you just say
[Applause]
move out of the
way I need to refill my
lover for
get out of the
way stop saying
[Applause]
that again Dr
book yes yes
how many times has Rens made off change
okay
fine okay
fine can
you
I you get out of the
way out of the way go over
here oh my God there's no
way help help I can't even
Crouch
no
um I'm leaving I wish you
what oh please please oh my God what the
[__] look I have
Med oh thank you so much like all
standing in the way and dying and then
like I'm trying to help
them did we already go to
oh my
God I remember you
just think of those in
now of swabs avoided doctor's coin they
are coming to
him problems keep out make sure you turn
it on and off make sure you turn it on
and off
they're going to get stuck here if I
don't hit them
[Music]
can you guys come
here deacons and Shakespeare
what are you guys waiting
for Oh I thought I opened this store oh
you
guys come
here super
hook super hook
ATT
he
you
Oran let's get M and the door is now
shut and on the other hand the doctor
look maybe you can find a way it
looks me dumb l
no
no that's not friendly
[Applause]
what
no
okay stop let me
in oh my
goodness Signs of Life how about that
you for
f oh
there we go
hey man take off the cloak I see a lot
of well you will be ridiculed I
know I see a lot of
well Cicero doctor if you are looking
for a place to renew you are not safe
here no wasted to funeral doctor's coin
listen to the sound of his
voice here she
lives Liv hey everyone that he wholly
followed
ciso What
what are we thinking
wait for them to open this
door let's watch
run and come
back
him excuse me
amazing okay that's all right eight
you
let me that I may hear the
way oh come on oh come
on can I put this back up it be funny if
I
could this
kit remove this med kit
this
meat thank you I wanted meat
sh
[Music]
I
guess
H strike
oop thank you
hey Shakespeare you cannot go without
me thank you
stay tuned for more
window how we
you
this
cero thinks you can find me I
can want to find out more about creative
sites as we go
I didn't mean to do that but it
worked you better charge
this also
take well we are lucky there is a
manufactur in the outer Square we
working to eliminate what we can to
unleash the power of integration in this
area it took me a few minutes to explain
why then you punch him with an explosion
meanwhile back
there don't let me be with you Dr
cisero cisero secondary last but not
least me me ciso everything they're
saying is really nice
first producer must open the gate I can
get out of here
[Music]
serious stay tuned for more
why does this person keep like King
being a weather person
are coming
oh sh
stop moving you should be a stationary
Target for me only
fine
crap can you
Shield inside down
fine okay down
stay
tuned oh my goodness
is
this
down we
must Shide
down illegal
Jesus Shi
I I genuinely don't know about
this down there's someone on the balcony
included that doesn't
kill no
down how does that KN
Hill D they have Wall hacks
that I don't think I can do it with this
houseal
[Applause]
first
should think that that
[Music]
IL Leal
get
make sure you turn on and
off how are you not dead
the outer Shield is there
Windows see
Shield inside
down this
meat thanks for the meatal
[Applause]
C yes the source removed use the memory
gun Gordon the memory gun stay tuned
there we
go well to be berine across
the I'm waiting for
he
[Music]
St
than
Sprint is out of d
get
come
in blood cont theem
for for
this is normal difficulty I'm pretty
sure
it's e
a
this
sis s you on your way Barney said sniper
and I broke up and he was locked in the
front yard come on I trust
you he broke up with
Barney deacons and Shakespeare Dr cisero
as have a b
those were her last words
rip Bon is an old friend of yours isn't
he maybe you can help him snipers caught
him in magazines to go to a cash of
snails snails
[Applause]
as an Alex El for un in fact help me we
thought we would be safe here little did
we know that this place was perfect he
grew up in the upper room fortunately he
was caught I beg your pardon
everything they're saying is like the
opposite of the original line
h for
come
on
videos
yeah
yeah I cannot move these shots caught my
eye lighting
clear Gordon take these tools and
what what about the bo
cisero do he want SEC Court
gol hero back in those days Founders
golf hero
send me to this gate my protection
research Authority is granted free
restraint have you heard of any problems
recently no there are no problems
currently pretty much zero problems in
City 7
the headines medal
counil can't link have a single problem
Museum something like used to be air now
a Nexus for OverWatch in City 11 the EP
of City
city7 to serve as a human counsel
[Music]
Barnabas you're speaking so
quietly Building
open
the then
let no William Chas
[Music]
guys hold on a second
suppression
duck first we
got I want to give you a moment to
speak yes I'm talking to you
one for you one for
you nice thank
you
Barnabas at I was worried that he was
starting to look at me with skepticism
myself included great
horses get in here I mean people
[Music]
valve loved the Monarch so much they put
the wolf how and half life did you hear
that uh the developer for Ultra kill
listen to uh monarch
that's something that
happened minina S minamina I know
you have HV suits they will work then I
work on the security
cons why is this not
working
okay
crap
why just can you can you sit here I'm a
big fan of it yes you are
B you they YouTube exactly this is
open grocery store no
cisero if we want to carry
thank
you say grocery store
again
thank I did not know you could roll the
grenades by the
way I thought I just threw them some
shorter distance which I guess is true
but green signs are important
yeah hey put a screen on your
armpits pardon
me let
me ciso D we will go with you stay here
everything I say
who the [__] is
Orion better
this the Maddy
coat
well all yes a great
yes to is over that's where
we yes John
overkilled listen
let's find out
there yoube than
yoube for them
Gordon I yes yes Barnabas
barnsby why am I holding
[Applause]
this they look
Shakespeare how again how many times
has Freeman's name ch
Shakespeare cisero
Freeman the medical
board guys thank you
[Music]
his name is half lifee I don't know if
grocery store was the was a Freeman
translation cuz I keep I think they keep
saying that about other things
but you know what what the [__] do I
know sh anyone's guess at this
point I'm good
[Music]
a
generator out of the way
[Music]
good
such great security something good
should happen there go for a
h
uh
the rest is up to you
Strider time is coming up Co It's So
Gone this closes the pressure on the
roof we are now published in the room
congratulations
hold on let me
just yay hooray
this closes the pressure on the
roof we are now published in the roof
ideally would want more
people it's all
gone this closes the pressure on the
roof
we are now published in the
okay you got to be kidding
[Music]
me
it's
theof I'm going to lose it
it's all
gone this closes pressure on the
roof we are now public in
I'm like so
confused oh I do have to say it over and
over
again the
roof we are now
Barnabas how did you let them get
through
I I feel like I'm missing something
here we're definitely supposed to go
through that hallway how is there so
many of them I I do not remember this
there
for some reason I think they were just
spawning cuz what I just
did what I just did now was less enemies
than last the last several times I like
you just have to run here and they stop
[Music]
spawning we are now public in the I'm
going to kill you Barnaby
a I just need to brush expect s we will
go with you I live here these doors are
very open to open for a while why do you
live here Barney go ahead and touch the
Heavenly ledge we need to release
incentives from wherever possible okay
if there are a lot of people coming I
will let you know you'll see when I see
you Gordon
Force Barney to listen to swans
oh good this music
this
for more stay tuned for
more where come
can I fight the Striders from up here
that's a question I
have cuz I hate the engagement down
there
illegal okay
we just got to wait for this thing to
open I
think I don't remember when that
happens also I swear there were that we
fought two gunships up here
but that's strange
let
me heay to it's
amazing make sure you have an
just let the Strider fight down there
gets a little bit
Goofy for sa remove
this I will remove this med kit
holy
[__] why was that lowkey the robot
too where
Dr Cicero because you closed the tyr and
opened the gate we can move people now
the connection will feel awkward we
lowered a rocket Crane and landed on a
plaza thank you that was really
kind w
what the
[__] I've never seen a move like that
before what is it doing
wo
isn't there supposed to be a third
Strider am I playing the wrong
[Music]
difficulty I think I'm playing the wrong
difficulty there's supposed to be three
Striders never
mind I found it
oh I guess there's supposed to be four
of them I'll continue to count
incorrectly
why why is it crawling like
this this music is so funny it kind of
sounds like s like the hedgehogs
[Music]
what is happening
like the craziest uh Half-Life digital
Fusion music ever
I time for this
Def
times of life
[Music]
[__] [__] [__] [__]
[__] I call
I'm actually [__]
goodbye maybe not so
[Music]
that was mildly
Pleasant doctor they got out of bed
approaching the for The Strider
surrendered I wonder if we can send it
to the
top I wish the Strider surrendered we're
close to the castle walls doc I don't
know how we're having fun but you've
made it this far I'm sure I'll think of
something I don't know how we're having
fun
horse remove this med I would like
to this music
me a
what
awkward take more
stay tuned for more
[Applause]
B
stay tuned for more I know are out of
sight stay tuned D coat I have never
been in order to enter War who does not
here what do you think I can't remember
the last time I
SW
swam
this this Mak
this un
health kit please remove thisit than out
of cisero out of side
stay
tuned stay tuned for more
this
me that
me
W your
roller roller
dog yet go over
here here is the child come back here
here is the
child the dog
I'm so mad
[Music]
back the dog ERS the hallway knocks on
the walls and I think Alex is looking it
seems to have been in his head that he
was in the C fig getting any deeper into
want me in trouble but you him you'll be
fine
yes that K yeah the Dark Age has been
found well I'll be
punished I think you want to go to the
medical Council may you be better thank
you and if you know Dr Green tell her my
words
16 [__]
you so good
[Music]
yeah I remember the Citadel sounding
like
this it's so simple How Could You Forget
it so beautiful so really atmospheric
why did I get in so quickly
oh
wait let's go this one
let's pretend that this isn't the Google
translate version of Half Life
2 for just a
moment why didn't this part make part
make sense to you
what the [__] this
music The Citadel is having 80s aerobics
day
[Music]
why would Gordon just capture
himself I mean that is
true but I think the part the main deal
is to be like you've overcome so much
you fought so many like crazy enemies
surely nothing could be worse than that
right is the kind of mentality that
perhaps Gordon Freeman has entering this
thing and the whole deal with the
Citadel ride is to show you just how
hopeless everything looks you come down
here and there's three Striders walking
around like it's nothing you see a whole
wall of like the gunships and stuff and
it's like just an ego death of sorts if
that makes sense
it's probably just an arrogance
thing or they just ran out of time and
had to ship it I I don't think
so Among Us
I think even if it doesn't make perfect
sense this is one of the coolest parts
of the
game it's just so for boing an
atmospheric anyway that's just like
impossible oh
[Music]
not I have I have played parts of inside
actually not the full thing
though this is Marcus I wish I said this
okay his name is Marcus now it's amazing
but it's not amazing and it have to be
it's a very beautiful country
yes that
whether Marcus cisero or we may wish to
work in other mutual respect and esteem
however you can change them with
everything you promised but you were
also called black Mesa who was in charge
of the knowledge of this project I have
one I
am with you you should have an idea why
but the movement of people was divided
because of the experts
[Applause]
sh
it's
laughing looks like someone hasn't
listened to I Am the Monarch on repeat
for boost of extra
inspiration of course those responsible
Mentor will BW this up a luano with
ising him my sorrow which is so very sad
to cler of your life you are unfortunate
it's much greater than by the way of
this decision and so I guess we p no
other way possible one who knows what
they planted the seeds of a clop plasm
when thou was younger thou and makest
thyself naked when I look outside I see
the sky filling and when I look outside
the words of my friend in the dark I'm
going to be the one who's going to be
the one who's going to be the one who's
going to be the one to be the one who's
going to be the
one is great obstacle
what was the thing that father gregori
was saying
this is this this is this
a
[Music]
this is
this is that man hack just following
[Music]
downstairs oh it gave up
that's the [__] theme to Angry Birds
[Music]
I didn't just become British I became
ashens for a mere second
tell me Marcus CIS if you can what does
me do you nothing can say not determined
[Music]
built from the foundation of human life
it is I it is not the thing
BL BL
still making a fuss I
see all right time to get captured again
as
described why does it turn so fast
bring the ukulele music back please
take a picture hope it lasts
long that's why
[Music]
isn't it terrifying guys it's Bulgaria
no no not
Bulgaria
no no it's
London kills you with my eyes
poo
[Music]
dark what the [__] is
happening by removing him from here
don't argue not losers anything you want
there is nothing you can
do my love
[Music]
Gordon this music's really
good there's like three songs playing at
once
inex little
words what I saw outside the words
rici yes noty Dr
Sy what is it oh leave her to death
there thank you Thomas his name is
Thomas now first Leets me to the door of
my
friend and then he keeps it to
himself if I had known you were going
straight to my office I would not have
had to worry about you finding yourself
in the first place being involved in
conservation means that I can manage all
disputes without having to work with
combine Dr bre Emperor Emperor bre what
is Judith the broom we make for Elias's
life so he can do some research
anyway thank you and thank you shortcuts
need to be
researched what you or I don't know or
can't do is make sure the crowds on the
street stop their stupid struggle Eli he
hath denied the words to speak that
which is that they all are if not it why
Eli you can't control the time of the
end
do not
know
Alex Papa what
cisero but God will destroy Brian let's
go that's all for you my love does it
allow you to be ignorant of the full
potential of the human race
or do you know the child to make the
law how can you
look Alex I love you you have your
mother's eyes but what about your father
you have not seen any episodes
yet oh now look at how it serves you on
the right side in a meeting room go
ahead brainet if this is the thing you
can
do go ahead brainlet send us through the
door that's right that's fine but you
can tell how difficult it is to get
there not right I agree absolutely
rubbish suggest that you take care of
yourself even if you are in the middle
of no
nowhere it's time to dump her and move
on Dr cisero what seeth good to you did
you know that your contract is still
open to other Merchants want to make
decisions for you I know if you do not
want to be treated more than a friend
heyo put them on their way and then we
can talk to them publicly don't be hard
[Music]
honey Judas what are you doing I am
doing things I do you are closing in on
yourself this this is this is CHR get in
here
frienda they know you're cheating they
will guide you Jupiter Dr 2 Seasons
please I love you Wallace you get it all
the
time
no
haste dad keep it up
come on in take a look watch
out
LA but you don't worry no time Alex
he went on posting he likes
it I like to search don't
mind father I
have
abs and it is John this is a
girl we haven't seen each other in a
long
time but I know you did
not I need to save my dad you just
did
good the
hey hey Louis the entrance area will not
Beed of you can puts elsewhere there's
no chance of living in that environment
those the body receive you have to be
funny I can't well I have food you'll
get that goodbye don't
listen they
fell bully no
more the low powered gun have
a low powered gun
[Music]
good this is the sad bonding response
from the palace they validate their
training
equipment we'll never have this
opportunity again we need to stop the
green doctor we have to stop the green
doctor it was closed as he looks over to
the government just to be more
discriminating I don't I don't think we
need to be doing
that to the elevator I'll let
you thanks
Alexa don't forget to file your
complaint I have I have a
few worst of
George thank you for giving me the worst
of George
is Dr KY if you are out and not really
and images of the moment such as
teleportation should be bed in particles
that are still in the name of human
knowledge maybe we need to reconcile
ourselves I'll call you later that way
it doesn't forget at
all when the Sinker break
I run away other analysis as a matter of
fact you on the other hand have been
destroyed in every possible way it's
some
impossible
what I don't know what you can do other
than your own will
Gordon do not listen
very good oh no start up a bream start
up a frame will their
flight
okay
cisero
Freeman
Marcus the medical
board
uh what are the other what what okay
George William William Shakespeare how
many names for this one person oh yeah
Thomas don't forget Thomas 3 minutes in
St
I can tell you it doesn't matter Dr
pukana Dr
pukana do you have one Dr free Freeman
I've been thinking last Dr free
Freeman you energized your
[Music]
energy
hey GL back BR you do not know what
do no don't get rid of you can bring
this whole gig down think may have the
name of the following people
page 55
seconds you want to
alas he
did here maybe we
have
hello siso doctor
[Music]
appears did it show up
again even us it it's just outside it's
something that's a good good
thing you refuse to attend anything that
may turn out to be a jewelry auction in
both cases there is a complete digestive
tract okay thank you but I will make you
free I will choose you when the time
comes Dr cisero I'm sorry for any
inconvenience you did notum sure you'll
understand I also meant to
be I would never agree to be called
that in the
meantime Aho
kamoka
oh that's really nice
[Music]
it's been a long year Royal
people y cisero
[Music]
game
newel Jaz in
Switzerland my example the
princess
okay very
good killing
sure
okay well that was halflife 2 Google
translated and halflife one Google
translated and uh black
Mesa the past several
streams all
done
um
cool let's turn off
the
the okay
cool good fun game very good
what I haven't done in a
while is
actually make music on
stream
um at least setting aside time to do it
I'm going to install an update
for Valla
delay that I saw come
up so let's do
that oh that's not new
do oh I need to go
here they added a
uh a cleaner tape delay which I'm
interested in
okay masking tape delay so
true
okay let's see what there is to see
classic Ableton taking 10 years to load
an initial kind
Let's
uh let's do
[Music]
this favorite sound
okay let's see what that's all
[Music]
about that's very nice the normal one
sounds like this
it gets really distorted and fluty in
case you don't want that
[Music]
I turn on the
uh I see
[Music]
are Maddy baddy I'm going to have to
uh hide your messages if you keep
spamming the chat unfortunately I'm
sorry
[Music]
okay you have five minutes stop spamming
spamming and then uh
if you keep doing that I'm going to hide
your messages in general sorry
[Music]
down here kind of sounds like a tempany
am I making Dead Mouse music
[Music]
is
oh there was also an update for this
too oh y
what I can do here is
uh what am I doing
I want to try the filter
verse thing here
was a full uh full
thing make sure I'm copy
this was I ahead of sexy red
maybe sexy red should be on control
freaks part two
[Music]
okay so what is in this
maybe this is better with like
a
for for
[Music]
okay what does this sound like with this
interesting
[Music]
just so
interesting sound
[Music]
my drums are underneath the sand
that was such an interesting s
me Maddie baddy please this is your last
warning stop spamming chat please
would this sound like if I put something
worth my time
here
like for
[Music]
put here
that
d
all
right rest in peace
I really like how this makes the snare
sound can I get it to sound even more
Goofy
that's
I
[Music]
d
just
wa minut
well sound like in mono
the worst
[Music]
that
sh
wow
[Music]
wowow wow w w wow wow
w wow
wow wow wow
[Music]
w wow wow wow wow wow wow
B
[Music]
no
what this
[Music]
let's resample
this seven
[Music]
no no
w
[Music]
no no
no
[Music]
n
no
[Music]
w no
no
[Music]
oh
get
[Music]
like
I
[Music]
get
n
[Music]
get
d
[Music]
n
d
[Music]
is
n
[Music]
you
is
[Music]
n
care
[Music]
d
y
[Music]
n
he he
[Music]
J
he no
[Music]
d
he
[Music]
he no
he
[Music]
why is this the sickest [__]
ever it's not even subtle
[Music]
half five two
episodes uh I don't know but you just
maybe want to sample half lifee again so
thanks for
[Music]
that boering contact copy cover cover me
Place exec full respon
[Music]
[Applause]
frean 17 16 stering in Target is 10 two
you're vison to
[Music]
one
down
1 2
1 3 3 3 2
3 3 3 3 2
[Music]
1 razor Prosecuting OverWatch OverWatch
out one one
[Music]
down give me the
buttons oh [__]
[Music]
he
in
[Music]
he
all right let's see if I'm confident
enough to do
this don't blame me if I'm [__] blame me
[Music]
he
so reverberated
[Music]
I
n
[Music]
okay
n
[Music]
this needs more I
no
[Music]
this
sleeve that sounds like a really like a
a car a truck commercial for from like
20 35
[Music]
we all knew Toyota
for let me just take this part
that was actually unintentionally cool
sounding
[Music]
oh
there's probably everything going on
here
[Music]
I didn't actually need to record that
twice cuz I looped it but whatever now
how do I recreate this weird [__]
sound I'll
[Music]
just that works
w
[Music]
hey
a
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
he
I'm getting kind of bored of
this I need to do something that's not
boring I feel like it's alternating
between these two and that makes for a
good
[Music]
repetition sure with this part
here what if on the second part here it
does uh
[Music]
w
oh
[Music]
needs more Source sounds
why not
[Music]
he
what
a
[Applause]
[Music]
B
b b
d
[Music]
no
it's
[Music]
all
for e
[Music]
that
oh
the frequency came from using a
frequency shifter it got buried
underneath but then when I put an Ott on
it it brought out the
artifacts so we can use this as like an
impact thing
[Music]
like this and this is my made with my
mouth so the idea is to have this little
sweep in here which does that
[Music]
so does that 2 1
maybe another Riser of some sort
w
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
hold on
d
[Music]
[Applause]
and they're going just put a normal
crash
wait
[Music]
[Applause]
that's [__] crazy sounding
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
I have the fortnite
sounds just say you know
[Music]
he
they were posted online somewhere
[Music]
[Applause]
come d
[Music]
[Applause]
he
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
he
AR
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
he
n
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
all right here's a little Loop 2 1
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
n
[Applause]
[Music]
from on top again
[Applause]
[Music]
oh you know what I love to do the
uh the green brat green Prat Boba
Beach wow
[Music]
this part
[Applause]
[Music]
wow wow wow wow
wow actually it can go
like
wow wow
[Music]
[Applause]
you know else we can put
here in the Hudson Bay you know how we
do it
[Music]
know
do know
do
do do it know do it know do
it know do
it I make that do it I like do
it do
it do it
[Music]
you know how we do
it know we
do you know how we do
[Music]
it you know how we do it
[Applause]
it's like a Tom faell
like what do I
got um
[Music]
that's kind of fun
[Applause]
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
he
wow you know we do
it know you know we do
[Music]
[Applause]
I have to record this
fully thank
you for
[Applause]
for
freeze for this guy
funny
[Applause]
[Music]
he
wow wow wow
[Music]
wow wow
[Applause]
[Music]
we doing
wowowowowowow okay nice here's this 2 1
two
[Applause]
[Music]
wow
[Applause]
[Music]
doing
[Applause]
[Music]
wow doing
fun little be
it's nice and
chill some nural hot for your
evening I can make it
tiny so don't be
scared um I'm going to end stream now
what who's
good good people good times something
something something rock and
roll you have technicians here making
noise no one is a musician they're not
artists cuz no one can play the
guitar bye